Compliment someone until they blush
Reveal a kink that the instance doesn't already know about
Post your most recent E621/FA/Whatever favorite in #nsfw-art (or next most recent)
Name a body part. Kiss that body part on anyone who volunteers to let you
Double trouble - spin two more times
Tell the room what you've currently got open in your overlay
Bring someone of your choosing to somewhere private
DM someone here something sexual
Send a risky DM to someone at the table
Send a spicy dm to someone
Tell a Truth
Interested in someone here? Reveal or Drink 2!
Kiss the person to your left or right
Change your status to "Getting Spitroasted"
Change your status to "Spitroasting someone"
Pick someone to sit on your lap for a round
Group picks who's lap you sit on for a round.
Spend 1 round with your head between someones thighs
Seven (or more ;D) Minutes in Heaven with someone of your choosing
Choose a pet/master for a round
Give a drink to 3 people you find attractive
Give a drink to the person with the most rizz
Give a drink to someone you would ERP with
Doms Drink
Subs Drink
Switches Drink
World Owner Drinks
Host Drinks
Tops drink
Bottoms drink
Drink if you're horny
Group picks your VRC Status
Group picks your name in Salad Bar
Who here would be in your ideal Threesome
Drink if your Dick is out
Drink if your Tits are out
Drink if you're naked
Which avatar here would you want as a sex doll?
Post a spicy image in #nsfw-art
Let everyone at the table kiss you in a spot of their choosing
Find a dick to suck for a round
Find a dick to ride for a round
Switch to a different avatar for 1 round
Three way kiss. No further direction. You figure it out.
Fuck/Marry/Kill 3 people at this table.
Drink if you have a collar
Give a lap dance, group picks who
Get a lap dance, You pick who
Say something anonymously horny about someone here
You get to be someones Toy for a round, group picks
Do a dare
Drink if you've ever commissioned NSFW art. Give 3 if you post it in SaladBar's #nsfw-art
Change your VRC status to "Submissive and Breedable"
Brats Drink
Brat Tamers Drink
Who's avatar has the best Thighs here? They drink 1
Who's got the best ass here? They drink 1
Who's got the best chest here? They drink 1
Compliment someone, They drink 1
Insult someone, They drink 1
Which pokemon would you fuck?
Reveal one of your most embarrassing Kinks/Fetishes
Drink if your trying to get some tonight
Pet someone for a round
Choose someone to pet you for a round
Whats your ideal cock size
Ask anyone at the table a truth
Very Poor Avatars drink 3
Who the simp? Give 'em a drink
Who the freak? Give 'em a drink
Rate everyone here on a scale of 1-10 on fuckability
Whats something someone does that turns you on?
Demonstrate your favorite sex position.
Give someone a blowjob
Drink if you're single
Drink if you're in a relationship
Who here would you try BDSM with?
Femboys drink
Group shot
Take a shot, Give a shot
Reveal a kink and give out 4 drinks
Group waterfall for everyone drinking!
Trusted users drink
Do a dare
Tell a truth
Change your vrc status to "power bottom"
Whats something on your sexual bucket list
Spinner drinks 1
Spinner drinks 2
Spinner gives out 4 drinks
Spend the next round touching yourself
Spend the next round playing with someone else's bits
Share your F-list with the group or make one
Everyone must use a personal nickname for you for 1 round
DM someone here about what art piece you'd want to get commissioned with them
Reveal the last image you searched on any NSFW site
Be someones footrest until your next turn
Be someones seat until your next turn
Everyone must refer to you with a nickname for a round.
Reveal someone youve had NSFW thoughts about
Take a drink for every person you would ERP with
Have you ever roleplayed? Would you?
Choose someone to control you for a round, what they say, goes!
You get to control someone for a round, group pics who!
Have you had dirty thoughts about someone here? Reveal them, or drink!
Describe someone you're attracted to, see if others can guess who it is
Describe someone at the table in one word, if group guesses, you drink! If they don't get it right, they all drink!
Name a character you'd smash. You and everyone that would smash take a drink.
Pick someone to join you in a private room
Tell someone in the room what you would write on them
Group picks your VRC Status
Pick 2 people to send to a Private Room
Who here have you had NSFW thoughts about?
Spin the bottle, Would you rather top or bottom
Spin the bottle, You now do as they say for 1 round.
Spend 1 round in the cage
Get out of Jail Free card, use this wisely
Send someone to the cage
Group picks who you spend a round in the cage with
Have you ever fantasized about anyone here?
What are your thoughts on being handcuffed/tied up in bed?
What's your biggest turn on?
What is the most embarrassing thing in your browser history?
Who in this room would you ERP with?
Anal or Oral?
Have you masturbated at work? Did you cum?
Is there someone in their room you would fuck?
One kink you would like to try, but haven't?
What's your favorite porn category?
Why do you think your favorite kink is your favorite?
Favourite bit of aftercare you've ever got/given?
What is a kink you love to talk to people about?
Group picks a player, what's the first fantasy about them that comes to mind?
How often would you like to have sex in a relationship?
Name three kinks you are ashamed of having 
Sext someone here
Fuck, Marry, Breed 3 people at the table
Find a partner to get worked up
Add someone from the wheel to your bio like you're dating "example: <3 Lyric 1/10/26"
Buddy shot! With someone you would take to a private instance >:3
Change your name to (Someone Playing)'s pet in Salad Bar
Give us a good bark puppy
Show the group your internet search history.
Say something dirty to the person on your right or left
Kiss a player of your choosing
Sit in the lap of your crush.
Change your status to "horny hours, free use!"
Describe the most attractive quality of every person in the room.
Pick someone to plan a VRC Date with.
Read out your last dirty DM you sent. (No names!)
Dm someone a pic of your avatar nude
Do you enjoy being teased or teasing your partner?
Do you enjoy slow, passionate sex or fast-paced, rough sex?
Phone sex or Sexting?
Would you rather be smothered or do the smothering?
Smash or Pass everyone in the room right now
Who has the sexiest voice in the room
What is/would be your safe word?
Put your face in someones crotch till your next turn
Set your status to "Horny AF"
Pi Shocks get shocked
Lights on or off?
Favorite RP
Drink if you're tired
Do you think we are living in a simulation?
What's one skill you'd love to learn?
Whats the best gift you've ever recieved?
If you could have any superpower what would it be?
How would you like to be remembered?
What's your favorite movie of all time?
Would you rather be hot or cold?
What's something on your bucket list?
What do you feel the most passionate about?
What's a skill you've always wanted to learn and why?
Is there any Urban Legend/Scary story you believe is true?
Is a hot dog a sandwich?
Does Pineapple belong on Pizza?
Do you believe in 2nd chances?
